hello friends with you valera
stankevich today we will find out how
enjoys the screen i have windows 7 magnifier
The principle of the eight is the same about his
I don’t speak mine, but I
Already forgot and I advise you to put new
systems for which you need a magnifying glass
figuratively to increase something there
see if poor vision as a general
all make large all fonts and menus
so that the big ones were me showing there
roller deed there look now on
I will not stop this
to open a club in two versions should be possible
writing in search is stupid here
here she was found and you can go others
by all standard programs
special features here is the center
special features screen
keyboard separately stop and rollers
screen magnifier screen speaker but
speakers are not supported by versions
the system where the Russian language means
it is supported where not worth it not
supported also refers to
speech recognition windows well let's let's off
the screen in focus here everything is simple
have opened
here it can be put in full
screen
increase fixed preliminary
viewing you have a screen is also possible
to put
larger smaller
to clean now just clean see
we are moving with her already
increased doing less uncomfortable so
here are one hundred percent services
no reason let's see how
works
here you see everything increases where
move the mouse
already move the mouse roll move the mouse
simply
he just shows how it works
After all, everything is the same to ask
the increase is even bigger
move
here to close
you can fix the taskbar can
close a window
all is not her
like everything is intelligible just thanks to
dating
to those you can watch our videos
on youtube on mail.ru on yandex but all
videos are only on the site mani mani in
this point ru
come and see good luck